Morgan.lupton/link openstack and controller docs (#6342)
DataDog/integrations-core: openstack_controller/README.md

# Agent Check: Openstack Controller

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> *Important Note*: This integration only applies to OpenStack versions 13 and above (containerized OpenStack). If you are looking to collect metrics from OpenStack v12 and below (non-containerized OpenStack) please use the [OpenStack integration][1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Important Note*: This integration only applies to OpenStack versions 13 and above (containerized OpenStack). If you are looking to collect metrics from OpenStack v12 and below (non-containerized OpenStack) please use the <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/openstack/>OpenStack integration</a>.
```
